Add note about LG webOS TV icon file location (#37166)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/webostv.markdown

            icon: "/home/homeassistant/images/doorbell.png"
```

{% important %}

> The icon has to be a local file accessible by Home Assistant, not a web URL and does not need to be accessible by the TV, the integration send the icon to the TV encoded inside the notification message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon has to be a local file accessible by Home Assistant, not a web URL. The icon does not need to be accessible by the TV. The integration sends the icon to the TV encoded inside the notification message.
```
